Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands
to her mouth; Mr. Dursley jumped to his feet, veins
throbbing in his temples.
“I meant ‘please’!” said Harry quickly. “I didn’t mean
—”
“WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU,” thundered his uncle,
spraying spit over the table, “ABOUT SAYING THE ‘M’
WORD IN OUR HOUSE?”
“But I —”
“HOW DARE YOU THREATEN DUDLEY!” roared
Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with his fist.
P a g e | 3
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets – J.K. Rowling
“I just —”
“I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION
OF YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF!”
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale
aunt, who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet.
“All right,” said Harry, “all right …”
Uncle Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded
www.ztcprep.com

rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the
corners of his small, sharp eyes.
Ever since Harry had come home for the summer
holidays, Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a
bomb that might go off at any moment, because Harry
Potter wasn’t a normal boy. As a matter of fact, he
was as not normal as it is possible to be.
Harry Potter was a wizard — a wizard fresh from his
first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry. And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have
him back for the holidays, it was nothing to how
Harry felt.
He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a
constant stomachache. He missed the castle, with its
secret passageways and ghosts, his classes (though
perhaps not Snape, the Potions master), the mail
arriving by owl, eating banquets in the Great Hall,
sleeping in his four-poster bed in the tower dormitory,
visiting the gamekeeper, Hagrid, in his cabin next to
the Forbidden Forest in the grounds, and, especially,
www.ztcprep.com

Quidditch, the most popular sport in the wizarding
world (six tall goal posts, four flying balls, and
fourteen players on broomsticks).
P a g e | 4
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets – J.K. Rowling
All Harry’s spellbooks, his wand, robes, cauldron, and top-of-the-line
Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had
been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle
Vernon the instant Harry had come home. What did
the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place on the House
Quidditch team because he hadn’t practiced all
summer? What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went
back to school without any of his homework done?
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles (not a
drop of magical blood in their veins), and as far as
they were concerned, having a wizard in the family
was a matter of deepest shame. Uncle Vernon had
even padlocked Harry’s owl, Hedwig, inside her cage,
to stop her from carrying messages to anyone in the
wizarding world.
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family. Uncle
www.ztcprep.com

Vernon was large and neckless, with an enormous
black mustache; Aunt Petunia was horse-faced and
bony; Dudley was blond, pink, and porky. Harry, on
the other hand, was small and skinny, with brilliant
green eyes and jet-black hair that was always untidy.
He wore round glasses, and on his forehead was a
thin, lightning-shaped scar.
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly
unusual, even for a wizard. This scar was the only
hint of Harry’s very mysterious past, of the reason he
had been left on the Dursleys’ doorstep eleven years
before.
At the age of one year old, Harry had somehow
survived a curse from the greatest Dark sorcerer of all
time, Lord Voldemort, whose name most witches and
wizards still feared to speak. Harry’s parents had died
in Voldemort’s attack, but Harry had escaped with his
lightning scar, and somehow — nobody understood
why — Voldemort’s powers had been destroyed the
instant he had failed to kill Harry.
www.ztcprep.com

P a g e | 5
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets – J.K. Rowling
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother’s
sister and her husband. He had spent ten years with
the Dursleys, never understanding why he kept
making odd things happen without meaning to,
believing the Dursleys’ story that he had got his scar
in the car crash that had killed his parents.
And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwarts had written to
Harry, and the whole story had come out. Harry had
taken up his place at wizard school, where he and his
scar were famous … but now the school year was
over, and he was back with the Dursleys for the
summer, back to being treated like a dog that had
rolled in something smelly.
The Dursleys hadn’t even remembered that today
happened to be Harry’s twelfth birthday. Of course,
his hopes hadn’t been high; they’d never given him a
real present, let alone a cake — but to ignore it
completely …
www.ztcprep.com

At that moment, Uncle Vernon cleared his throat
importantly and said, “Now, as we all know, today is a
very important day.”
Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it.
“This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of
my career,” said Uncle Vernon.
Harry went back to his toast. Of course, he thought
bitterly, Uncle Vernon was talking about the stupid
dinner party. He’d been talking of nothing else for two
weeks. Some rich builder and his wife were coming to
dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge
order from him (Uncle Vernon’s company made drills).
P a g e | 6
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets – J.K. Rowling
“I think we should run through the schedule one
more time,” said Uncle Vernon. “We should all be in
position at eight o’clock. Petunia, you will be — ?”
“In the lounge,” said Aunt Petunia promptly, “waiting
to welcome them graciously to our home.”
“Good, good. And Dudley?”
www.ztcprep.com

“I’ll be waiting to open the door.” Dudley put on a
foul, simpering smile. “May I take your coats, Mr. and
Mrs. Mason?”
“They’ll love him!” cried Aunt Petunia rapturously.
“Excellent, Dudley,” said Uncle Vernon. Then he
rounded on Harry. “And you?”
“I’ll be in my bedroom, making no noise and
pretending I’m not there,” said Harry tonelessly.
“Exactly,” said Uncle Vernon nastily. “I will lead them
into the lounge, introduce you, Petunia, and pour
them drinks. At eight-fifteen —”
“I’ll announce dinner,” said Aunt Petunia.
“And, Dudley, you’ll say —”
“May I take you through to the dining room, Mrs.
Mason?” said Dudley, offering his fat arm to an
invisible woman.
“My perfect little gentleman!” sniffed Aunt Petunia.
“And you?” said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry.
“I’ll be in my room, making no noise and pretending
I’m not there,” said Harry dully.
www.ztcprep.com

P a g e | 7
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets – J.K. Rowling
“Precisely. Now, we should aim to get in a few good
compliments at dinner. Petunia, any ideas?”
“Vernon tells me you’re a wonderful golfer, Mr.
Mason. … Do tell me where you bought your dress,
Mrs. Mason. …”
“Perfect … Dudley?”
“How about — ‘We had to write an essay about our
hero at school, Mr. Mason, and I wrote about you. ’ ”
This was too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry.
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son,
while Harry ducked under the table so they wouldn’t
see him laughing.
“And you, boy?”
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged.
“I’ll be in my room, making no noise and pretending
I’m not there,” he said.
“Too right, you will,” said Uncle Vernon forcefully.
“The Masons don’t know anything about you and it’s
www.ztcprep.com

going to stay that way. When dinner’s over, you take
Mrs. Mason back to the lounge for coffee, Petunia,
and I’ll bring the subject around to drills. With any
luck, I’ll have the deal signed and sealed before the
news at ten. We’ll be shopping for a vacation home in
Majorca this time tomorrow.”
Harry couldn’t feel too excited about this. He didn’t
think the Dursleys would like him any better in
Majorca than they did on Privet Drive.
“Right — I’m off into town to pick up the dinner
jackets for Dudley and me. And you, ” he snarled at
P a g e | 8
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets – J.K. Rowling
Harry. “You stay out of your aunt’s way while she’s
cleaning.”
Harry left through the back door. It was a brilliant,
sunny day. He crossed the lawn, slumped down on
the garden bench, and sang under his breath:
“Happy birthday to me … happy birthday to me …”
No cards, no presents, and he would be spending the
www.ztcprep.com

evening pretending not to exist. He gazed miserably
into the hedge. He had never felt so lonely. More than
anything else at Hogwarts, more even than playing
Quidditch, Harry missed his best friends, Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger. They, however, didn’t
seem to be missing him at all. Neither of them had
written to him all summer, even though Ron had said
he was going to ask Harry to come and stay.
Countless times, Harry had been on the point of
unlocking Hedwig’s cage by magic and sending her to
Ron and Hermione with a letter, but it wasn’t worth
the risk. Underage wizards weren’t allowed to use
magic outside of school. Harry hadn’t told the
Dursleys this; he knew it was only their terror that he
might turn them all into dung beetles that stopped
them from locking him in the cupboard under the
stairs with his wand and broomstick. For the first
couple of weeks back, Harry had enjoyed muttering
nonsense words under his breath and watching
Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs
www.ztcprep.com
